all right we're here with Killian Martin
known as the number one hit on YouTube
for skateboarding for sure Killian
you're from Spain and you just tell us
you're here at the world roundup I just
tell us what brings you here well give
you foot a bit of this contest and Kenny
has not so much for skateboarding you
know yeah it's putting together with
everything so what he's claiming me
we organized a great sleep ugh right and
you're not competing you're just here to
help them to help judge and stuff like
that and are you doing demos each day
yeah everything that was heavy okay now
being that in the position you are and
how old are you 25 so you're still very
young how long have even skate word
thank you okay you're you're amazing but
better nine years of skateboarding and
I'll say that right now how do you feel
about like where skateboarding is taking
you in general your life I love it just
right now I'm able to
doing what I love the most which is like
making me this any stretch to create a
tree yes I'm promising as long as I can
do that it feels good satisfied what's
the West what's your favorite video that
he made so far you've done all these
videos around the world and in a strange
place what was the best one elected I
seriously like all of them it's how to
because they also different yeah so many
different ways it I love the last one in
your hips you're such an adventure yeah
really hard I am very proud of it turned
out
that all the traveling in like a lot of
complications interior
yeah I'm really how it done yeah I think
that's about it I mean like it's great
to watch your skateboard in person it's
great to watch me on on video and I
foresee seeing you a lot think in the
future and you know just draw a shout
out to your company into your sponsors
through your sponsors tal problem
efficient is tubular and torque strikes
and you got Killian clothing right on
buddy thank you